Exo Raid Setup 1.34
--------------------------------
This mod was written for my old guild Exodius on Eredar. Due to the recent exodus
of the key members of Exodius that I considered the heart of our guild pver the last few months,
I  am releasing this mod publicly; I will keep "Exo" in the name as a tribute to a once great 
guild.


The mod basically allows a raid to share graphical representations of boss pulls and
encounters using the 8 raid symbols in the Blizz raid UI, 2 additional symbols, and up
up to 10 arrows for representing movement.

There are three "modes" for the mod:
Single player: for players not in a raid to create, load, and edit setups and animations.
Raid Leader: gives Raid officers/leaders full control over creation, sending, and editing setups
                     and animations.
Raid Member: a "locked" version of the mod intended for the raid members to recieve, load, and 
		      save setups and animations. There is also a "replay" feature of raid members to
		      review recieved animation sequences.
		      
The setups can be "still shots"; or a series of frames which are viewed as a low FPS animation.

The mod also has a Minimap mode that was still in development at the time of my leaving 
Exo, but which is still fully functional "as-is"; basically this sets the background image to the
current minimap graphic for "on the fly" setups.

Currently there are maps in the mod for all of AQ40 and Naxx, as these were the instances
we were working on. The addition of boss rooms for other instances is possible; and I welcome
anyone willing to do the work on the art for them because I am not.

Controls are fairly self-explanatory; every button and feature has detailed tooltips to guide
you in its use.

The main command to bring up the mod is "/ers"; this will also bring up a help screen background
which details the various methods of moving and naming symbols etc. 

-----------------------------------
/ers nag is an undocumented command which AFTER an /ers check will send tells to all members of the raid
	      with an outdated or missing version of ERS to upgrade to the current version.
-----------------------------------	      

I hope you find this mod useful it was both a joy and a pain to create :)

--BioQuark

Anyone with the ambition to convert ERS to ACE2 I would be glad  to work with you on this, but at the 
moment I have neither the time or the energy to tackle such a momentous undertaking.